Update latex.md and add screenshots (#74)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/guide/tools/latex.md

# LaTeX tool

Using the LaTeX tool you can insert LaTeX formulas into a Xournal++ document.
In order to use this tool you must have LaTeX installed on your system.

![LaTeX-Tool-Overview](../../img/guide/LaTeX_tool_overview.png)

> In the latest development version, the preview dialog is resizable, there is word
> wrap, auto-indentation, syntax highlighting and a separate `Command Output` tab,
> where the feedback of your LaTeX generator (e.g. `pdflatex`) is displayed.

Reviewer: I would wrap this in a note:

```suggestion
!!! note
    The screenshots on this page show the latest nightly version.
    In the latest nightly version, the preview dialog is has a resizable
    window, word wrap, auto-indentation, and syntax highlighting.
    It also has a separate `Command Output` tab that displays the output from
    the LaTeX generator command (e.g. `pdflatex`).
```

Author: Great idea!

file to use can be changed in the LaTeX tab of the Preferences window.

A default LaTeX template is provided under the name `default_template.tex`. Clicking on it, you will find its location in your file system (within the [shared resources folder](../file-locations.md)).

To generate a custom LaTeX template, make a copy of the default template, save
it under a different name, and customize it. Some suggestions are listed here:

- Include the [**graphicx** package](https://ctan.org/pkg/graphicx) by adding `\usepackage{graphicx}` to your template file. As an example this will give you the possibility to add rotated text via a LaTeX formula like

```tex
\text{\rotatebox[origin=c]{90}{My Rotated Text}}
```

![LaTeX-Rotated-Text](../../img/guide/LaTeX_rotated_text.png)

- Include the [**TikZ** package](https://www.ctan.org/pkg/pgf) via `\usepackage{tikz}` for creating drawings with the powerful TikZ tool. A simple example would be to draw a table (or grid) with n rows and m columns via `\tikz{\draw (0,0) grid(m,n)}`. See [this issue](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/issues/2179) for more information.

![LaTeX-TikZ-Table](../../img/guide/LaTeX_grid.png)

> - Include alongside TikZ the [**PGFPlots** package](https://www.ctan.org/pkg/pgfplots) via `\usepackage{pgfplots}` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With TikZ included, also include the [**PGFPlots** package](https://www.ctan.org/pkg/pgfplots) via `\usepackage{pgfplots}` 
```

> for plotting function graphs. Using a macro you will be able to plot function graphs nicely and very quickly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for plotting function graphs. Using a macro, you will be able to plot function graphs nicely and very quickly. 
```
